play it cool
you
What's Wrong nervous back off match it's
the rookies first call have you been
finished training so how doesn't dry a
summer on record so they're bumping him
off of the Academy early you've gotta be
kidding cut the chatter and listen up
we're almost there we've got reports of
a steel factory on fire likely some
workers still trapped inside let's get
in clear the building and protect any
extras Vasquez Cameron move in try to
contain the fire around the machinery
Probie you stick with me we're going to
start clearing rooms we've got workers
trapped somewhere on this floor follow
me and be careful never know what my
I can't get to you told you this would
be different than train
wait well she's still trapped up on the
smokestack there's no way out from up
there did you hear that Probie fine
watch it boys get a quote powerline it
need to take care of that first check
the new by search box hi I can't get
down
coming down watch your back stay on that
fire thanks
I don't know what this assembly lines
making but it sure is flammable
people of here
you live up to see if you can find
anyone else
if I were you a bust a few windows to
ventilate the sucker before moving in
windows get smashed the window
this wasn't my fault
you